Morality depends on many
Even though there are four major families running amok in the business world along the way
Wouldn't the city government of society herd sheep?
Shan Shuai
Three years ago, no news
Now being assigned to the top
Does everything in and out of the flower reveal that he is dead?
Ah, how could it be Shen Shuai?
He killed General Shen and survived unharmed
How to explain this
If Shen Dashuai is really guilty
It's too late for him to be the commander-in-chief of the US military
How could you do such a thing?
Obviously revenge
Corrupted grievances
The lord is right
The Northern Army is majestic
The reputation of each soldier under his command
It's all related to the livelihood of Zhengbei Army. Is it related to repudiation?
If he is really handsome
How could it disregard the livelihood of the Zhengbei Army?
You're right.
Then we might as well ask Shenshuai to come out of the mountain
If this god can really submit to the imperial law
Then of course I am invincible
But you really have the heart
I have no relationship with him
Why can't you bear it?
This kind of artificial fake Suzaku Ares
And many times the magistrate was descended from the army
I am afraid that if he is handsome, he can't wait to eat his meat and drink his fatigue
But
I have another problem.
If you can hire a Lu Shenshuai on your face
I want him to marry us
I want to make this attempt on the Chen family
Ungrateful Bottom
Garbage kills hearts
Let's live here from now on
Yixuan, where did you get such a big villa?
This doesn't look like it was before we left home
This is Genting Skylight Villa 1
It was converted from the house that used to be the owner of the building
Certainly.
It's not something that our Li family's house could compare to
But I promise you
Now the light boat has passed a thousand mountains
Waiting for me
Only spring is infinite
Come here.